Add a Calldata library with `emptyBytes` and `emptyString` functions (#5422)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/good-cameras-serve.md

---
"openzeppelin-solidity": minor
---

> `Calldata`: Library with `emptyCalldataBytes` and `emptyCalldataString` functions to generate empty `bytes` and `string` calldata types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Calldata`: Library with `emptyBytes` and `emptyString` functions to generate empty `bytes` and `string` calldata types.
```
